1.	PROJECT SCOPE:
OVERVIEW:
The Go Fit marketing campaign is a focused push to strengthen the market position of the company among increasing competitors. The overall focus is to position Go Fit within a top three of a chosen few as the wearable technology provider, with aspects such as a data-driven marketing strategy, more manufacturing and better customer interaction.
OBJECTIVES:
Through this campaign, we hope to:
1.	Boost Manufacturing: Go Fit's wearable tech production shall scale up by 25%
2.	Improved Consumer Segmentation: Make predictions about consumer trends, and use data analytics and IoT to identify new and emerging categories of your target market.
3.	Competitively Positioning: Establish Go Fit as a leader in the field of wearable technologies.
4.	Enhance Customer Support: Work with the customer service team to build new processes for supporting the broader set of products.
5.	Regulatory Compliance: Align all actions of the campaign with existing and future neutrality regulation to further strengthen long term viability.
DELIVERABLES:
The project will deliver:
1.	A complete strategy on the execution of a marketing campaign.
2.	This data analytics powered approach on how to interact with the consumers.
3.	Refreshed customer support training and documentation
4.	Record Keeping for Regulatory Compliance
5.	A six-month marketing campaign to gain market share for Go Fit
EXCLUSIONS:
The project scope excludes:
•	R&D or product development.
•	Vocational training for customer care, after the initial setup
•	Expanding to a new territory.
CONSTRAINTS:
Marketing, IT, Finance and Customer Service have to work together for this project which needs to be planned within an intensive 10 weeks and €175.000 budget Doing this helps in utilizing the available resources smartly while maintaining the desired course of action.
CONCLUSION:
The project scope outlines a process to meet Go Fit’s marketing goals while remaining narrowly aligned with the company strategy. The program aims to increase output, encourage more consumer engagement and enhance Go Fit's competitive advantage in the wearable technology industry by utilizing analytics-driven techniques and encouraging teamwork.
